DEV-1441 Document PIPELINES_FEATURE_VALIDATE_DAG_ON_DELETE (#3112)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/reference/pipelines/feature-flags.md

</li>
</ul>

#### `PIPELINES_FEATURE_EXPERIMENT_VALIDATE_DAG_ON_DELETE`
<ul>
<li>

> Validates the Terragrunt DAG when files are deleted in a pull/merge request. Pipelines inspects the DAG that would result from merging the change and cross-references the deleted files against every active unit's `dependencies` and `reading` ([`mark_as_read`](https://docs.terragrunt.com/reference/hcl/functions/#mark_as_read)) entries. If a remaining unit still depends on a deleted file or unit directory, Pipelines prevents the plan from running, surfacing the broken reference instead of letting it appear as a confusing error during `terragrunt plan/apply`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validates the [Terragrunt DAG](https://docs.terragrunt.com/getting-started/terminology#directed-acyclic-graph-dag) when files are deleted in a pull/merge request. Pipelines inspects the DAG that would result from merging the change and cross-references the deleted files against every active unit's `dependencies` and `reading` (files marked with [`mark_as_read`](https://docs.terragrunt.com/reference/hcl/functions/#mark_as_read)) entries. If a remaining unit still depends on a deleted file or unit directory, Pipelines prevents the plan from running, surfacing the broken reference instead of letting it appear as a confusing error during `terragrunt plan/apply`.
```

> This check only runs on pull/merge requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This check only blocks the run on pull/merge requests. On other events violations are logged as warnings.
```
